chats with codex

“in the web subproject, do you think the spider logo in the section Why Anansi is prominent enough? like it's opacity? Discuss first”
“you are the ux expert”
“statement”
“let me see balanced”
“what would tesla or spacex do here?”
“and what do you think about the spacing (vertical) of that section?”
“ok i made the changes. now help me with the header navigation. It doesn't seem to work right. The in page nav to sections work right but if i go to /caribcoin for example, the page is just blank sections and while there if i click on the spice link i see /caribcoin#spice and nothing loads.”
“when i go to /caribcoin i still have to do a hard refresh to see any content. And while on /caribcoin if i click spice, i go to the correct section now i.e. /#spice but no content (unless i hard refresh)”
“that worked. another missed functionality is navigating to the /spice page. i don't see a link for it. i can navigate to the #spice subsection which provides a link to lauch the actual product but not the /spice where you can readup more about it. From a UX perspective, what minimal change can be done here”
“yes i like both, do it”
“on the /spice page, some of the bulleted items like below are not showing up correctly. they don't look disparate 'Grenada Nutmeg · Jamaica Coffee · Grenada Cocoa · Mace · Spices'”
“sure show me”
“ok on the homepage, there is a button called Launch App, it is meant to launch the spice app for the /spice product. It seems out of place. Thoughts?”
“Done. Ok tell me your honest view of the homepage/landing.”
“Well this is positioned as a global tech company with a caribbean founder who used to go with his uncle and pick up nutmeg as a kid. I want anansi to be the most dominant tech company caribbean founded but also appeal to global investors. The founder lives in Miami FL”
“That sounds good. Also a few other products are already build just not productized yet; cognicare (mental health platform for licensed therapists using 6 AI agents), thryve (personal mental health app with all insights AI based), dollarbank (a web3 savings platform built on ethereum backed by aave - testnet now)”
“Yes”
“How would you frame it?”
“sure. but i was actually asking about the stats section but do both”
“Leave the Why anansi ssection. I think it makes sense the way it is. I want this design to be what elon musk would do (think tesla, spacex). Also focus more on AI since the founder has a phd in computer science specializing in AI/ML and he's also on the computer science phd dissertation committee for a prominent university in Ft lauderdale hence the product for anansi is providing a 2-3 day course for working professionals to learn AI and charge between $500 - $2500 per person; the selling point would be a local face to face intense 2 or 3 day course. Many working professionals hear about AI and have to clue what it is or now to use it.”
“Let's do it. I like Technology for markets the world has ignored, and Why now. For the stats i would remove the pricing for ai intensive course and keep $40B+ Trapped value in Caribbean real assets because remember spice is an RWA platform we also need to sell”
“In the stats section, does the 6 agents for cognicare makes more sense than <Stat number="83" unit="%" label="Workers who say AI will affect their jobs" ? Just asking. Think hard. Also the i forgot to mention the founder is a senior AI/ML and cybersecurity engineer for american express.”
“what do you think about the coming soon section? is it in the right location. we want to tease that anasi will launch a crypto to power its entire ecosystem. that is one of the core products that the found envisioned for over 10 years”
“ok i moved it: after Academy, before Why Anansi. ALso what do you think about the final call to action?”
“sure”
“why not the musk one? just asking.”
“let me see it”
“do the Investor-Facing one”
“should there be a section line / border after caribcoin teaser and after why anansi? just asking”
“tell me”
“done”
“is there an easier way to change the fonts from global.css and tailwind.config.js ?”
“yes”
“what if i want to use Syne”
“what about the clash one”
“there is extralight, light, regular etc. which one do i choose from the download?”
“done. now show me general sans and satoshi”
“write out all my chats here (my requests) as bullet points. Not your responses just my asks.”